this is ABC 7 News Chicago's number one
news with Linda you Sylvia Perez and
weather with meteorologist Tracy Butler
this is ABC 7 news at eleven first of
all if you love Peking duck are hungry
hounds visits to places that prepare it
to perfection
okay so you have to know that there are
fewer things better from a Chinese
restaurant kitchen than a properly made
baking duck we agree on that don't wait
now there's not only skill involved but
finesse as well and the results can be
absolutely delicious if it is done right
our hungry hounds found two very
distinctive versions in the city Steve
joins us now I already made half all go
Judy made a good bet to work today I
think yes ah now picking duck is usually
served in two or three courses it used
to be relegated to purely Chinese
restaurants but more recently we've seen
it as an option at the highest end of
fine dining however the more typical
service environment involves loud
boisterous dining rooms where the duck
is the center of attention
you know they take their ducks service
seriously at Sunhwa barbecue and uptown
just by walking past the front window in
any given week the restaurant sells more
than a thousand roasted ducks each one
is clean first then filled with dry
spices and bean paste and sewed up to
seal in those flavors hung onto hooks
air is pumped between the skin and meat
to help dry out the skin if it's not
drive if the skin is not free of
moisture when we go to roasted it
doesn't piss properly and we end up with
this very flabby mushy skin that's tough
to chew through husbands are ducks are
leaner it's a look it's a little bit
more difficult than other people to get
the duck skin crispier so we use a
vinegar and molasses solution to blaze
it and it's all natural after their
poached and dipped they have to dry out
for at least 12 hours the final stage is
roasting in tall vertical ovens before
being presented tableside the first
courses always slice duck with the
crispy skin served along with puffy Gua
Bao sweet hoisin sauce and some pickled
daikon and carrot a second course uses
up the thigh and leg meat to make fried
rice while the third course uses the
bones to make a hearty soup Chang says
unlike other places that use flimsy
pancakes the Taiwanese Gua Bao buns are
key for that first course and if we
didn't use the Gua Bao instead you would
be your life would be having dinner not
your help
Oh
at El 20 inside the Belden Stratford
hotel in Lincoln Park chef Laurent gras
is known for his seafood preparations
but he always has one alternative
protein on the menu to the pecking duck
previously chickens maybe switch to a
squab and Charice a few months but I
think it's important for guests to find
what they are looking at when they come
into a dining room specially you find
any foreign experience the process takes
nearly a week the Ducks are cleaned when
they arrive then an air pump is inserted
separating the skin from the meat the
birds are poached briefly then brush
with a solution containing melt roasts
and red wine vinegar or then hung out in
a cold smoker for up to five days which
dries them out finally the Ducks are
deep-fried to crisp up the skin and just
like Sunhwa they are served tableside
where they're carved and meticulously
plated along with the pasilla chile
coffee and lemon sauce plus a plump
little duck pot sticker bras second
course is even more impressive the
finely chopped duck is combined with
foie gras and served in a savoy cabbage
dome topped by a sliver of crispy duck
skin think it's important to you know
fulfil appetites you know so I think
when you have when you have a duck and
when you finish the issue one should be
completely fulfilled so when the first
course you know it's a roasted meat then
the second course will be more to all I
could consume me like a pro tofu which
is lie but as a lot of witness in favor
now reservations are probably a good
idea at both Sunhwa and l 20 is there
are only a certain number of ducks to go
around so more information about these
two picking duck options on our website
ABC 7 chicago calm now look on the lower
left side all the way down there below
the video below the more bt7 there's a
hungry hound tab that linked into my
stories and videos or call the infoline
3127 5070 96 and brought you a little
snack from Sunhwa 180 1,000 bucks a week
unbelievable this is the first course
the guava a lot of times you'll see the
flimsy pancakes which i think you know
it's not good because there's liquid and
there's this juice these are great
because they absorb any kind of extra
liquid around and they also just puffy
and very tooths women and yeah nice to
chew on and so why is a wonderful
restaurant everything else at this and
it's very busy and a lot of stuff he's
had to picking duck but this is a great
great deal to have there yes see that
section is here it's gone now I'm going
to take this right I'll take that one
okay coming up side of the news at ten
from ducks to desert one of the most
popular treats we've seen lately and
local dessert menus is pudding but not
just any kind butterscotch appears
you're making a comeback of sorts a few
riffs on rudinos and put two cremes mine
friday night special tonight at ten and
that rhymes it's good actually it's
gonna be very good so check it out
tonight okay right where it thanks to
you yeah right back